Added Github as source for metric "merge requests" to resolve #9323 (#9324)
ICTU/quality-time: docs/src/changelog.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - For metric 'merge requests' added GitHub as possible sources. Closes [#9323](https://github.com/ICTU/quality-time/issues/9323).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add GitHub as possible source for the 'merge requests' metric. Patch contributed by Tobias Termeczky (the/experts). Closes [#9323](https://github.com/ICTU/quality-time/issues/9323).
```
